zsh.md, before:

# Random zsh facts

- use `zsh -f` to run it without *rc files!

- zsh has a **Tetris** game, both as a widget or as a curses program:

``` sh
autoload -U tetris
zle -N tetris
bindkey '^k' tetris

autoload -U tetriscurses
tetriscurses
```

- zsh has a built-in Regen batch file editor: it can move, copy or link files based on a pattern

``` sh
zmv '(*)(word.).lis' '$1$2.txt'
zcp [same as zmv -C]
zln [same as zmv -L]
```


# Completion

- Tip: run e.g. `ls *(<tab>` to get help regarding globing.

# Key bindings

- `^z` is to put job into background (suspend)

- Some defaults:
``` sh
# allow ctrl-h, ctrl-w, ctrl-? for char and word deletion
# (standard behaviour)
bindkey '^?' backward-delete-char
bindkey '^h' backward-delete-char
bindkey '^w' vi-backward-kill-word
```

### Vi-mode
#### History search from `cmd` mode
```
"/" vi-history-search-backward
"?" vi-history-search-forward
"n" vi-repeat-search
"N" vi-rev-repeat-search
```

- Not binded: `^a`, `^b`, `^k`

### List of keys (as recognized by my terminal):
- [F1]=`^[OP`
- [F2]=`^[OQ`
- [F3]=`^[OR`
- [F4]=`^[OS`
- [F5]=`^[[15~`
- [F6]=`^[[17~`
- [F7]=`^[[18~`
- [F8]=`^[[19~`
- [F9]=`^[[20~`
- [F10]=`^[[21~`
- [F11]=`^[[23~`
- [F12]=`^[[24~`
- [Backspace]=`^?`
- [Insert]=`^[[4h`
- [Home]=`^[[H`
- [PageUp]=`^[[5~`
- [Delete]=`^[[P`
- [End]=`^[[4~`
- [PageDown]=`^[[6~`
- [Up]=`^[[A`
- [Left]=`^[[D`
- [Down]=`^[[B`
- [Right]=`^[[C`

Commit message:

Add zsh colors description from `man zsh-contrib`

zsh.md, after:

# Colors
```
This  function  initializes several associative arrays to map color names to (and from) the ANSI stan‐
dard eight-color terminal codes.  These are used by the prompt theme system (see above).   You  seldom
should need to run colors more than once.

The  eight  base colors are: black, red, green, yellow, blue, magenta, cyan, and white.  Each of these
has codes for foreground and background.  In addition there  are  seven  intensity  attributes:  bold,
faint,  standout,  underline,  blink,  reverse,  and  conceal.  Finally, there are seven codes used to
negate attributes: none (reset all attributes to the  defaults),  normal  (neither  bold  nor  faint),
no-standout, no-underline, no-blink, no-reverse, and no-conceal.
```
# Random zsh facts

- use `zsh -f` to run it without *rc files!

- zsh has a **Tetris** game, both as a widget or as a curses program:

``` sh
autoload -U tetris
zle -N tetris
bindkey '^k' tetris

autoload -U tetriscurses
tetriscurses
```

- zsh has a built-in Regen batch file editor: it can move, copy or link files based on a pattern

``` sh
zmv '(*)(word.).lis' '$1$2.txt'
zcp [same as zmv -C]
zln [same as zmv -L]
```


# Completion

- Tip: run e.g. `ls *(<tab>` to get help regarding globing.

# Key bindings

- `^z` is to put job into background (suspend)

- Some defaults:
``` sh
# allow ctrl-h, ctrl-w, ctrl-? for char and word deletion
# (standard behaviour)
bindkey '^?' backward-delete-char
bindkey '^h' backward-delete-char
bindkey '^w' vi-backward-kill-word
```

### Vi-mode
#### History search from `cmd` mode
```
"/" vi-history-search-backward
"?" vi-history-search-forward
"n" vi-repeat-search
"N" vi-rev-repeat-search
```

- Not binded: `^a`, `^b`, `^k`

### List of keys (as recognized by my terminal):
- [F1]=`^[OP`
- [F2]=`^[OQ`
- [F3]=`^[OR`
- [F4]=`^[OS`
- [F5]=`^[[15~`
- [F6]=`^[[17~`
- [F7]=`^[[18~`
- [F8]=`^[[19~`
- [F9]=`^[[20~`
- [F10]=`^[[21~`
- [F11]=`^[[23~`
- [F12]=`^[[24~`
- [Backspace]=`^?`
- [Insert]=`^[[4h`
- [Home]=`^[[H`
- [PageUp]=`^[[5~`
- [Delete]=`^[[P`
- [End]=`^[[4~`
- [PageDown]=`^[[6~`
- [Up]=`^[[A`
- [Left]=`^[[D`
- [Down]=`^[[B`
- [Right]=`^[[C`
